docs: rework mdbook (#1036)
coreos/clair: Documentation/reference/matcher.md

# Matcher

> When ClairV4 is running in Matcher mode its is responsible for receiving IndexReports and generating VulnerabilityReports. A VulnerabilityReport describes the contents of a container and any vulnerabilities affecting it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Clair is running in Matcher mode it is responsible for receiving IndexReports and generating VulnerabilityReports. A VulnerabilityReport describes the contents of a manifest and any vulnerabilities affecting it.
```
